Tile for Email Routing (#2626)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/email-routing/src/content/email-routing-options.md

---
order: 2
pcx-content-type: reference
---

# Email Routing options

Email Routing main page is divided into four sections:

* Custom address rules
* Catch-all
* DNS
* Verified emails

## Custom addresses

> In this section you can create as many custom email addresses as you want for your domain. Each of those custom addresses is then linked to a destination address, forming a **rule**. Rules can be toggled on or off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section you can create as many custom email addresses as you want for your domain. Each of those custom addresses is then linked to a destination address, forming a **rule**. You can toggle a rule on or off.
```

> To create your rule, you also have to specify an **Action** between the email alias and the destination address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a rule, you must specify an **Action**:
```

> * **Send to**: emails will be routed to your Destination address. This is the default action.

Reviewer: You should probably use italics for `Send to` and `Drop`, since the user will be selecting one option or the other, but I'm not sure if it's a dropdown or a couple of radio buttons.

Reviewer: Also, should Destination address be capitalized? If it's a UI label, it should appear in bold. If it's not a specific Cloudflare concept, I would write "destination address".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Send to**: Emails will be routed to your Destination address. This is the default action.
```

> * **Drop**: Accepts emails but deletes them without routing to the specified Destination address.This can be useful if you want to make an email address appear valid for privacy reasons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Drop**: Accepts emails but deletes them without routing to the specified Destination address. This can be useful if you want to make an email address appear valid for privacy reasons.
```

<Aside type="note">

All rules are automatically disabled until the destination address is validated by the user. This is to prevent spamming unintended recipients. 

</Aside>

## Catch-all address

> This feature enables Cloudflare to “catch” every variation of emails, in order to make them valid for the specified domain. For example, if you created a rule for `john@yourdomain.com` and a sender accidentally types `jonh@yourdomain.com`, the email will still be correctly handled if you have Catch-all addresses enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature enables Cloudflare to “catch” every variation of email addresses to make them valid for the specified domain. For example, if you created a rule for `john@yourdomain.com` and a sender accidentally types `jonh@yourdomain.com`, the email will still be correctly handled if you have Catch-all addresses enabled.
```

Reviewer: Also, not sure if "Catch-all addresses" should appear in bold.

> You must also specify an **Action** to Catch-all:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also specify an **Action** for Catch-all:
```

> * **Send to**: emails will be routed to your Destination address. This is the default action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Send to**: Emails will be routed to your Destination address. This is the default action.
```

> * **Drop**: Accepts emails but deletes them without routing to the specified Destination address.This can be useful if you want to make an email address appear valid for privacy reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Drop**: Accepts emails but deletes them without routing to the specified Destination address. This can be useful if you want to make an email address appear valid for privacy reasons.
```

## Email DNS records

> All DNS records needed for Email Routing to work are shown here. You can check which records you need to add or remove, and this step can be done automatically by clicking **Add records automatically**. Cloudflare also shows you the correct DNS records in case you want to add or remove them manually. This is also where you can confirm if there are any conflicts that may result in unexpected behaviors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will display all the DNS records needed for Email Routing to work. You can check which records you need to add or remove, and this step can be done automatically by clicking **Add records automatically**. Cloudflare also shows you the correct DNS records in case you want to add or remove them manually. This is also where you can confirm if there are any conflicts that may result in unexpected behaviors.
```

## Verified emails

> In this section there is a list of Destination addresses that have already been verified. This is also where you can resend a verification email, or delete Destination addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section there is a list of Destination addresses that have already been verified. You can resend verification emails or delete Destination addresses.
```
